Create a documentation package for Docker image (#14765)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/apache-airflow/production-deployment.rst

Production Container Images
===========================

> We provides :doc:`a Docker Image (OCI) for Apache Airflow <docker-stack:index>` for use in a containerized environment. Consider using it to guarantees that software will always run the same no matter where it’s deployed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We provide :doc:`a Docker Image (OCI) for Apache Airflow <docker-stack:index>` for use in a containerized environment. Consider using it to guarantee that software will always run the same no matter where it’s deployed.
```
